README.md, before:

# Lacan-NTSport
Lacan NTSport is a Discord Bot that brings stats from Nitro Type to you. 

Lacan NTSport has racer stats, garage command, team stats, and some fun commands such as our custom game, the guessing game. When you run the command, a silhouette of a  random Nitro Type car will appear, and you can either type A, B, C, D according to the right answer given. We also have a easier version of the guessing game, which instead  of showing the car silhouette, it shows the image of a car and you just type either A, B, C, D according to the right answer given. Every guessing game you get correct, you get to Lacans. Lacans are our currency, we plan to add more things to do with Lacans in the future. We also have fresh memes from reddit, NSFW filtered, so its safe.

We also have a Custom Discord Verification System, in which if you verify, the bot will give you roles according to the account as well as changing your server nickname to your current Nitro Type display name, to the account you verified with. This is only available for premium servers. To buy premium, you must pay 10 million Nitro cash to [this](https://nitrotype.com/racer/hypertyper55) account and notify our dev, Try2Win4Glory (⚡Try2Win4Glory⚡#1234). If he receives the cash, you can send a server invite to one of our devs, and we will add premium to that server and explain how it will work. 

Our Bot is still growing. We are trying our best to make the bot better and better every day. If you have any suggestions or feedback, either DM a dev, or type `n.message <your message>`. 

Developers

@⚡Try2Win4Glory⚡#1234

@Typerious#1482 - Inactive

@Systematic Error - Inactive

@adl212#2235 - Inactive

Credits

@Limt#6491


To invite the bot to your server click [here](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=713352863153258556&permissions=469888065&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fnitrotype.com&scope=bot)

Bot Prefix:` n.`

Email `lacannitrosport@gmail.com`

We hope you enjoy the bot!

*Note*: Any reuse of this code has to follow the terms in the [License](https://github.com/Try2Win4Glory/Lacan-NTSport/blob/master/LICENSE.md) file.

Commit message:

Made bot less resource hungry

README.md, after:

# Lacan-NTSport
Lacan NTSport is a Discord Bot that brings stats from Nitro Type to you. 

Lacan NTSport is a Nitro Type bot that uses minimal amounts of RAM and is hostable across any VPS.

To buy premium, you must pay 10 million Nitro cash to [this](https://nitrotype.com/racer/hypertyper55) account and notify our dev, Try2Win4Glory (⚡Try2Win4Glory⚡#3578). If he receives the cash, you can send a server invite to one of our devs, and we will add premium to that server and explain how it will continuesly sit in your server and do nothing to minimize resource usage. 

Our Bot is still growing. We are trying our best to make the bot better and more resource efficient every day.

Developers

@⚡Try2Win4Glory⚡#3578

@Typerious#1482 - Inactive

@Systematic Error - Inactive

@adl212#2235 - Inactive

Credits

@Limt#6491

@GoodGradesBoy#9166

To invite the bot to your server click [here](https://discord.com/oauth2/authorize?client_id=713352863153258556&permissions=469888065&redirect_uri=https%3A%2F%2Fnitrotype.com&scope=bot)

Bot Prefix:` n.`

Email `lacannitrosport@gmail.com`

We hope you enjoy the bot!

*Note*: Any reuse of this code has to follow the terms in the [License](https://github.com/Try2Win4Glory/Lacan-NTSport/blob/master/LICENSE.md) file.
